3-way-merge/README.md, before:

# Git Kata: 3-Way Merge

## Setup

1. Run `source setup.sh` (or `.\setup.ps1` in PowerShell)

## The task
You again live in your own branch, this time we will be doing a bit of juggling with branches, to show how lightweight branches are in git.

1. Create a branch called greeting and check it out
2. Edit the greeting.txt to contain your favorite greeting
3. Add greeting.txt files to the staging area
4. Commit
5. Switch back to the master branch
6. Create a file README.md with information about this repository
7. Add the README.md file to staging area and make the commit
8. What is the output of `git log --oneline --graph --all`?
9. Diff the branches
10. Merge the greeting branch into master

## Useful commands
- `git branch`
- `git branch <branch-name>`
- `git branch -d <branch-name>`
- `git checkout <branch-name>`
- `git checkout -b <branch-name>`
- `git branch -v`
- `git add`
- `git commit`
- `git commit -m`
- `git merge <branchA> <branchB>`
- `git diff <branchA> <branchB>`
- `git log --oneline --graph --all`

Commit message:

Added a step to 3-way-merge

3-way-merge/README.md, after:

# Git Kata: 3-Way Merge

## Setup

1. Run `source setup.sh` (or `.\setup.ps1` in PowerShell)

## The task
You again live in your own branch, this time we will be doing a bit of juggling with branches, to show how lightweight branches are in git.

1. Create a branch called greeting and check it out
2. Edit the greeting.txt to contain your favorite greeting
3. Add greeting.txt files to the staging area
4. Commit
5. Switch back to the master branch
6. Create a file README.md with information about this repository
7. Add the README.md file to staging area and make the commit
8. What is the output of `git log --oneline --graph --all`?
9. Diff the branches
10. Merge the greeting branch into master
11. What is the output of `git log --oneline --graph --all` now? Observe the extra merge commit created with the message "Merge branch 'greeting'".

## Useful commands
- `git branch`
- `git branch <branch-name>`
- `git branch -d <branch-name>`
- `git checkout <branch-name>`
- `git checkout -b <branch-name>`
- `git branch -v`
- `git add`
- `git commit`
- `git commit -m`
- `git merge <branchA> <branchB>`
- `git diff <branchA> <branchB>`
- `git log --oneline --graph --all`
